Nev create rich readme (#140)
UKHO/docs: docs/software-engineering-policies/SecureDevelopment/SecurityChampion.md

> # Security Champion

Reviewer: Umm, this isn't related to the PR topic 😮

Author: True.  It's because I wanted to talk about our security champion group in the readme, so I dragged it in.  A mistake, in hindsight.  What should I do?

Reviewer: The risk for docs is minimal, lets not worry for now.

## What I do

*I am a software engineer whose main job is to write code. I additionally have a responsibility to help the team write secure software, as a source of expertise and a coach.*

> I coach the team into creating security processes that make our systems secure without slowing down development too much. I ensure that these processes run effectively, but I don’t make myself a bottleneck or a single point of failure in the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I coach the team into creating security processes that make our systems secure while minimising the effect on development velocity. I ensure that these processes run effectively, but I don’t make myself a bottleneck or a single point of failure in the process.
```

I ensure the team create an effective set of standards for securely developing their software.

I help the team define a set of security training materials, and I make sure they are all consumed.

> I am not responsible for pen testing finished systems. However, I have expertise in pen testing tools and use them during development to harden our software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I have expertise in pen testing tools and use them during development to harden our software.
```

I help the team run threat modelling sessions.

I help the team identify security requirements for our software.

I work with the other Security Champions to:

* Share best practice across teams
* Create shared standards and resources

> * Run activities, events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Run activities and events
```

> * Share best practice across teams
> * Create shared standards and resources
> * Run activities, events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Share best practice across teams.
* Create shared standards and resources.
* Run activities, events.
```

## What I don’t do

*I am concerned only with helping engineers to write create secure systems. There are therefore lots of security-related activities I don’t do.*

> I’m not an IT Security Officer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I’m not an IT Security Officer.
```

> I’m not a penetration tester

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I’m not a penetration tester.
```

> I am not responsible for keeping platforms (e.g. operating systems) patched

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I'm not responsible for keeping platforms (e.g. operating systems) patched.
```

> I don’t run Information Assurance processes, risk assessments or audits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I don’t run Information Assurance processes, risk assessments or audits.
```

I don’t run security investigations, security incidents or forensic investigations.

> I am not the only person who cares about security. An important part of my job is to make all engineers make security a priority

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I'm not the only person who cares about security. An important part of my job is to ensure all engineers make security a priority.
```

> I’m not the only person to run security activities – I coach others to run then effectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I’m not the only person to run security activities – I coach others to run them effectively.
```

## My skills

*I have the skills of a senior software engineer, but with additional security knowledge.*

I have a broad knowledge of security risks and how to counter them.

> I am an expert in how my team’s technologies must be used to keep them secure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I'm an expert in how my team’s technologies must be used to keep them secure.
```

> I am well trained and hold security-related qualifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I'm well trained and hold security-related qualifications.
```

> I am an expert in my team’s security tooling (e.g. static analysis tools, third-party checkers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I'm an expert in my team’s security tooling (e.g. static analysis tools, third-party checkers).
```

I understand the security aspects of solution architecture.

I have coaching and influencing skills.

## My connections

> *I make connections across the organisation and the wider security community*

Reviewer 2: Markdown linter thinks you are trying to make a DIY header :) Just need a period, which I'll plop in a suggestion for you to commit.
```suggestion
*I make connections across the organisation and the wider security community.*
```

I use every opportunity to share my security knowledge with my team and the practice, using a variety of formats such as coaching, presentations and blogging.

I seek sources of security expertise outside the UKHO, bringing in ideas and innovation. In particular, I connect with people in other parts of government.

> I am an active member of the UKHO security champions group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I'm an active member of the UKHO security champions group.
```

> I connect with the UKHO’s Security Team, to better understand their processes and requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I connect with the UKHO’s Security Team, to better understand their processes and requirements.
```
